go oh hi guys my name is Margot okay and
we're going to we're going to be doing
the feces public readings I'm playing
cast I'm Haley I am - brush and I'm
Emily and I'm playing Kate oh yeah one
two three action where's your boyfriend
district Oh still hanging on stop there
doubt magic kaito heat up wire he's
nearly dead kiddo knows where he cut him
probably I'm just wrapping some tree
keeping his heart alive what's this a
little bag of medicine for lover boy too
bad we'll never get
I promise ketta then if I got you and
give the audience a good show
forget forget it just 12
what was your little allies needs Roux
the one who have grown trees first roux
now yeah we'll start with the mouth
no use for your lips anymore give
loverboy one more kiss goodbye okay
let's get started
would she be the Ruby in your life i I
we teamed up we look this is hi hi saver
I did but he got there first just one
and you killed him yes I killed him
three flowers and saying her to sleep
just me
your district sent me bread
until it passed okay thanks
I'll let you go this one time for rude
and